it's about decision-making this is the
whole thing to really grasp about
strategy and authority it's about making
a decision isn't about anything else
you know because all of us live in the
mind mind is the nature of the Maya it's
how we deconstruct a mayates how we play
the game of existence it's all done
through this frame of mind
you cannot stop your mind from being
mind you cannot stop it from doing the
things that it does and of course what
mine does is that it measures it
measures this and that this and that you
get caught in the trap you get caught in
the trap of thinking that the
measurement itself is a way of actually
coming to a point of recognition of what
is correct for oneself asan so it's in
those moments where you need to make a
decision that that decision has to come
out of your strategy and authority it's
then that you require that it's only
then there is something to grasp about
this mechanic it's very simple it is
about making decisions nothing else
see we're objects moving in space
literally your decision-making its
navigation it's the way in which you
move through this Maya and to do so
correctly to do so as yourself is to get
your life your life so strategy and
authority for the decisions let your
mind do all the measuring it wants to do
but save the decision-making for
yourself for the essence of what is you
so that you can move along a track that
allows you to fulfill your purpose here